Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Each of these channels are measuring
the brain waves in that specific part
where they are stationed. correct?
If you make meditation
yourself
your own sound.
Silent sound. That's mind-power working.
it's different
Why do we make meditation?
We make meditation because we want
to make mind strong.
We have this mind
you know.
Then. when we make meditation
we make the mind strong. and then
how we make the mind strong is
we have to train.
Train yourself.
How are you going to train yourself?
When you say. you have to say some word.
Any word you would like to say.
And then you have to choose the loaction.
the focus location.
We have the three places.
One is forehead.
Another one is heart.
Right?t location.
Another one is stomach.
Why do we have to use this?
You need to have a place to keep all the power.
But the mind-power working is meditation.
Not the sound.
Different.
So. it's safe to say mindfullness is
another word for. like. presence?
And awareness?
Eckhart Tolle?
You can test yourself.
If you're angry
very angry
that just means your mind is very weak.
You need to train your mind.
If you're not angry at anybody
you feel good.
You think all positive; that everything is fine.
The meditation change the mind from the people.
Changing the mind to go a good way.